Why do you want to work with us?
QA Automation Engineer (Springboard Retail)
CLOUD POS and end2end retail management platform.

I read from the Springboard team that it is a challenging as well as encouraging job.

I would like to work with you because I think TECHNOLOGY can help to solve our problems as human beings.

And your company is a clear example.

In addition am looking for work from home opportunities.




What is the motivation behind your career change?
Currently I am a python developer and I love python programming.
And I want to  have more control of my personal time at the same time as I continue to write code.

Tell us why you’d be a good fit for the role. Please reference any particular parts of the “About You” and “Things You Might Do” sections that fit you and why.
I have a large experience with a broad range of projects.
My core asset is my commitment to help my team to deliver quality results within schedule. It means that I am  able to communicate clearly with the Business Analyst, the Program Manager and with my partners team to analyze technology issues and to follow up uncovered bugs.

What are your typical tasks on a normal working day?*
Please describe what your current daily job looks like.
Currently I work in an agile environment. In the morning I visit the current sprint. And I can either continue with a story or if I completed the previous one, I choose the following task from the backlog. It means that the backlog task are ordered by priority.
And working with a story will take like 70% of my day time. And it includes: understand the goal of the story and convert it into code.
The other 30% is a mix of meetings, peer reviews and writing reports.

How experienced are you with remote work?*
Since 2006 I have participated in global projects. It means that the teams were distributed around the globe. And I have had the opportunity to work with people from Japan, China, India, Germany and USA.
Currently I use Microsoft Teams to have our scrum daily meetings. As a team we push our code into a git repository and we connect remotely using a VPN.
